{{Missing Info|specifics=Everything!}}
{{WIP}}

= Decor Rating = 
Dorm Decor are special items that provide various bonuses to for your minions.  Each piece of dorm decor increases your Dorm Decor Rating by +10.  There are general bonuses for reaching Dorm Decor Rating milestones, as well as bonuses specific to each minion whose dorm you decorate.  

Dorm Decor can be purchased using {{RewardIconWithText|Decor Coin|orange}}s in the Decor Shop.  Dorm decor is often first introduced during special events such as Halloween, Christmas, etc.  These "exclusive" decors are often (if not always?) added to the decor shop a few months after the event.

== Increasing Dorm Decor Rating ==

In addition to the +10 you get with each piece of dorm decor owned, you also get a +60 decor bonus from completing a set of 4 decorations for any partner dorm.  This bonus is an excellent way to boost your overall decor, as you spend a total of 1200 decor coins for +100 decor rating.  Having all 4 of a partner's decor also provides a bonus to one of the Snail ELMT damages (see each partner's page for which element the 4th decor bonus provides).

== Partner Bonues ==

As you unlock more decor for each partner, you will unlock useful bonuses for your Snail, as well as things like gene research speed and decor rating bonuses.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Generalized Decor Bonuses (Per Partner/Dorm)
|-
! Number of Decor Owned !! Bonuses
|-
| 1/4 || Snail <ART, FAME, FTH, CIV or TECH> +100
|-
| 2/4 || Snail <HP, ATK, RUSH, or DEF> +100
|-
| 3/4 || <strong>Partner Specialized Research +10</strong><br />(ex: If the partner is a for a Zombie Minion, the partner will get +10 to Zombie Gene Research Ability)
|-
| 4/4 || Snail <Earth, Wind, Water, or Fire> DMG +100<br /><strong>Dorm Decor Rating +60</strong>
|}


== Strategies for spending Dorm Decor Coins ==

=== Fully Focus on Dorm Decor Rating ===

If you're focus is strictly on increasing your Dorm Decor rating, the most "bang for your buck" on dorm decor comes from Green Decor.  Green decor costs 100 {{RewardIconWithText|Decor Coin|orange}}s, meaning it gives 1 decor rating per 10 coins.  Blue costs 200, Purple costs 350, and Orange costs 550.  If you complete a full set (total cost of 1200 {{RewardIconWithText|Decor Coin|orange}}s), then you get the +60 bonus, meaning a full set equates to 1 decor rating per 12 coins.  This means a good strategy is to buy all the Green decor, then focus completing the decor for one room at a time.  If you have 2 or 3 pieces of a single dorm's decor, it is always most cost-effective to complete that dorm's decor to increase dorm decor rating rather than do something like complete buying all the Blue decor.

<strong>Why focus on Decor Rating?</strong>

: Reaching certain overall decor rating milestones can provide useful bonuses to thing like Leadership, Snail HARD STATS (percent bonuses), Snail ELMT DMG (percent bonuses), and Minion HARD Stats.

=== Focus on Partner Research Ability ===

To speed up your Gene Research, you may want to focus on getting the 3rd dorm decor bonus for some or all of your partners.  This will provide an additional 10 to the partner's research ability in their Gene of specialization.

For Example: The Partner "Kim Chi-yum" provides an Angel type minion.  So having 3 pieces of Kim Chi-yum's dorm decor will give Kim Chi-yum a +10 to Angel Gene Research.

<strong>Why focus on Research Ability?</strong>

: Increasing partner research ability increases your overall Gene Research speed for the partner's form type (ex: Zombie, Mecha, etc.).  Since Gene Research speed is one of the big limiting factors in the game in terms of progression, it can be incredibly useful to balance dorm decor bonuses with these Gene Research bonuses.

== Decor Rating Relics ==

As you unlock Dorm Decor items you increase your Decor Rating. As the Decor Rating goes up, you'll unlock fragments for certain [[Relics]] that provide useful bonuses such as bonuses to Dorm Decor divendents (which increase the number of decor coins you gain each week) as well as minion stats.

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Red Dot Award|purple}} has three reward levels of
** 10 Decor Rating +20 Fragments
** 40 Decor Rating +20 Fragments
** 70 Decor Rating +40 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Nugget Awards|purple}} has three reward levels of
** 100 Decor Rating +20 Fragments
** 130 Decor Rating +20 Fragments
** 160 Decor Rating +40 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Sparkler Award|purple}} has three reward levels of
** 200 Decor Rating +20 Fragments
** 240 Decor Rating +20 Fragments
** 280 Decor Rating +40 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Top Idea Award|orange}} has four reward levels of
** 320 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 360 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 400 Decor Rating +80 Fragments
** 440 Decor Rating +120 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|MUSE Design Awards|orange}} has four reward levels of
** 480 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 520 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 560 Decor Rating +80 Fragments
** 600 Decor Rating +120 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Tucker Award|orange}} has four reward levels of
** 650 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 700 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 750 Decor Rating +80 Fragments
** 800 Decor Rating +120 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Sky Award|orange}} has four reward levels of
** 860 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 920 Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** 980 Decor Rating +80 Fragments
** 1040 Decor Rating +120 Fragments

* {{RewardIconWithLink|Golden Key Award|orange}} has four reward levels of
** ? Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** ? Decor Rating +40 Fragments
** ? Decor Rating +80 Fragments
** ? Decor Rating +120 Fragments

== Dorm Decor Rating Bonuses ==

These bonuses can be found by going to you dorm, clicking on the ringing phone, clicking "Dorm Decor", clicking on the woman behind the desk, clicking "Overview" at the bottom of the screen, then finally clicking "Decor Bonus" at the bottom of the screen.

{| class="wikitable"
|+ Docor Rating Boost
|-
! Rating Level !! Decor Rating Requirement !! Bonuses
|-
| 1 ||   70 || Snail ATK +3%<br />Snail Fire DMG +5%
|-
| 2 ||  160 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion HP +3
|-
| 3 ||  280 || Snail HP +3%<br />Snail Water DMG +5%
|-
| 4 ||  440 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion ATK +3
|-
| 5 ||  600 || Snail DEF +3%<br />Snail Earth DMG +5%
|-
| 6 ||  800 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion DEF +3
|-
| 7 || 1040 || Snail RUSH +3%<br />Snail Wind DMG +5%
|-
| 8 || 1320 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion RUSH +3
|-
| 9 || 1600 || All ELMT DMG +3%<br />Snail HARD STATS +2%
|-
| 10 || 1880 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion HP +3
|-
| 11 || 2160 || Snail ATK +3%<br />Snail Fire DMG +5%
|-
| 12 || 2440 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion ATK +3
|-
| 13 || 2720 || Snail HP +3%<br />Snail Water DMG +5%
|-
| 14 || 3000 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion DEF +3
|-
| 15 || 3280 || Snail DEF +3%<br />Snail Earth DMG +5%
|-
| 16 || 3560 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion RUSH +3
|-
| 17 || 3840 || Snail RUSH +3%<br />Snail Wind DMG +5%
|-
| 18 || 4120 || Snail Leadership +10<br />All Minion HP +3
|-
| 19 || 4400 || All ELMT DMG +3%<br />Snail HARD STATS +2%
|-
| 20 || 4680 || All Minion ATK +3<br />Snail Leadership +10
|-
| 21 || 4960 || Snail ATK +3%<br />Snail Fire DMG +3%
|-
| 22 || 5240 || All Minion DEF +3<br />Snail Leadership +10
|-
| 23 || 5520 || Snail HP +3%<br />Snail Water DMG +3%
|}

== Dorm Decor Items ==
* {{RewardIconWithText|Fire Ring|orange}} - [[Red Doe]] Dorm Decoration from [[Golden Week]] May 17th - May 30th 2024
* {{RewardIconWithLink|Balloon|purple}} - [[Red Doe]] Dorm Decoration from [[Golden Week]] May 17th - May 30th 2024
* {{RewardIconWithText|Seal|blue}} - [[Red Doe]] Dorm Decoration from [[Golden Week]] May 17th - May 30th 2024
* {{RewardIconWithLink|Iron Cage|green}} - [[Red Doe]] Dorm Decoration from [[Golden Week]] May 17th - May 30th 2024


* {{RewardIconWithLink|Ceiling Fan|green}} - [[Leeku]] Dorm Decoration


* {{RewardIconWithLink|Planet Model|green}} - [[Advisor Zhuge]] Dorm Decoration from [[Venture to the Stars]] Sep. 27 - Oct. 10 2024